insta
- aws
- azure
- oracle
2 tyeps of cliend
- onpremises
- cloud
    - shared cloud
    - dedicated could

### onboarding
from india, UAE(dubai, abudabi) KSA
india - aws
uae - azure(planning to move this to AWS)
ksa - oracle

2 options - shared cloud, dedicated (one per client) *happens everywehre(ie inn all coulds)*


shared
ex
- ec2 , more than one custormes
onpremisies (they manage all the hardware)




AWS
eks
3 namesapce
- hms 01 to be depricated(shift the custormes to the other DBs)
- hms 02(90+) no autoscaling (to be implemented)
- hs 03(50+) no autoscaling (to be implemented)
why? dependencies.
- RDS



current verison 12.5.19.2 (insta hms)
fix issue in the same verison (patch) also released in the next verison


3 types of tickets ( we manage the last 2: ido, hum)
IES - insta engineering support
IDO - insta devops
HUM - hospital upgrade managements


onpremises: backup(syncs with main server(database))
Insta: Java8 
- postgres database
- rabit mq(docker) message broker
- web sockets(docker)
- some crontabs(daily backups) (newrelic(perfotmance), pagerduty(alert))
- new relic is intergrated iwth pager duty (sms, calls, push notification)


ops takes care of
ssl, nginx etc.

RDS
- 150 customers


uae 
one db but many application server(lb1...lb8)
connecteed to nginx(it'll manage all tehe requests)

ksa
one db, one appliation server


Q. which pods? (A. application pods)
readiness and liveliness(have to integreate with the pods)

details can be accessed through hub(!!!! BE CAREFUL DONT WRITE STUFF)


not removing older entries 

how do we know what appln server its pointing to?
nginx(reliable source) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

servers
- report server (insta api hosting)
- db server (lb#)
- quads (scheduler) - java based (handled in report server)

middle east health authories - they check all the details (prescription, invoice, payments)
- malafi
- nafis
- da?
- navid?
- zadca
- normal mesages (HL7 format)

**integrations**: laborder integreations etc.


**Learn**
aws
redis
ubuntu
postgres

try to sync here
appsuaetrg(**bsk**)
bristol

```bash
ssh allspark
optimusprime
```